You on that one. What? So what are you?
What are you gonna do next year then?
I'm still undecided.
I would like to do college,
but I'm a designer, so I'm hoping.
Mhm.
If I can like pass by it, I could.
That's awesome.
Did you design that bracelet you're
wearing?
Oh, I did that, yeah.
Yeah, I'm like, I bet you design that.
That's cool. What kind of?
So what kind of design are you interested
in?
Oh,
I'm a sports slash advertisement designer.
No way. Sports. Nothing.
I have not met a sports designer.
Yeah.
What is that like the clothing for sports
or like the equipment or like,
Uh, I've done clothing. I've done. Um.
what does that mean?
That's actually what I've been doing a
lot lately is designing like different,
That's so cool. What kind of sports?
um, not much money. Uh,
baseball and football, mostly. Uh.
OK, gotcha.
I do.
I work with high schools a good chunk the
time,
make like schedules and game days for
them. Um.
OK, got you.
What else?
Personal designs for different sports I
That's awesome.
post online.
You're way more. I'm a designer now,
and I was definitely not at your age.
I'll tell you that much.
I I you know yourself way better.
That's really cool.
So did your mom tell you anything about
what in the world you just signed up for?
I said AI ish, but that's about it.
All right, well, it was kind of cool.
I I haven't gotten to work with someone
who identifies with the designer.
I am an AI designer,
so I design AI experiences for people.
And what I've noticed is that, you know,
Oh.
these companies are paying millions of
dollars to like, learn how to use AI,
but we don't teach it to students.
Um,
did did the did your school teach you at
all about how to use AI?
Not much, no. Frowned upon.
Yeah,
and So what I'm what I'm doing is I'm
trying to design a class for teaching
students how to use AI,
'cause I'm just volunteering and teaching
students how to use AI and to help you.
So whatever you wanna do for this hour,
it's up to you.
But I usually what I suggest is come up
with a big challenge that you're facing
or something that it's like on your mind
that you care about.
And then I'll help you think through how
to use AI to solve it.
And don't worry about that part.
Just think about something that's
actually problematic.
Like what is a big challenge that's on
your mind right now?
Um, finding a job.
Finding a job. Well,
I've spent six months trying to find a
Yeah.
job that I just got, so I'm deeply aware.
OK,
It is.
and then tell me more about that problem.
So you're trying to find a job.
What's going on in that world?
Um, I'm not getting any responses. I'm.
Getting like putting my uh self out there
applying to stuff, but literally.
Oh, it sucks, man. It sucks. It's so bad.
So yeah,
and I've I've worked on this one a lot,
so this is a good one. What?
Have you talked to AI about it at all?
A little bit.
And then what? What did it say?
Um,
I don't remember off the top of my head.
I have it pulled up actually.
You can still see me, right?
Yeah,
can you share screens 'cause we're gonna
Oh, you uh, let me.
This is my first time using this, so.
do a lot of this.
Oh, I know. Tell me about it.
I don't like teams either, but.
More oh share.
Would it be a presenter mode?
Yep, I think so.
We'll figure it out together.
I barely know it myself.
So you can see this now.
Yep, Yep, got it.
OK, yeah, yeah, it's on that. Uh.
Oh, this was my um.
for my resume.
Well, that's cool.
I asked for jobs and then you can see I
have like my own folder.
That's awesome, Eddie.
You're you're rocking it.
But mostly I asked for like jobs nearby.
Yeah, yeah, well, that's smart too.
Where are you, mates?
And so it, uh, it airs on.
OK, gotcha.
So asked and it like told me to look here
and I was more looking for like direct
links.
Wasn't like the best talk.
Got it.
Yeah, yeah, no. I mean,
this is better than what the students do.
But it's it ended up getting there.
OK.
Think I got, yeah, like fries.
Ask me more about fries and stuff.
And yeah.
OK, so I want you to click in new chat.
Yep.
And then this is what we're gonna do.
I'll just direct you.
I'm basically gonna be teaching you just
different things. You can ask the AI.
Yeah.
Oh yeah,
this makes sense to put in the Eddie
section.
And so the thing you want to work on
today,
just to make sure I got it corrected.
If you want,
you're struggling finding a job and you
need to kind of figure out what your next
plan is on that.
Is that is that what you're hoping for?
Hmm.
Like come up with a solution on what to
do about that.
What? Um, so well,
that one's like just more.
I I actually just come back,
came back from an interview,
so I got my first ever interview.
Congratulations. That's huge. How'd it go?
Yeah, I I think it went.
I think it went well. I I.
Awesome.
So do you wanna keep working on trying to
find jobs or do you wanna do a different
thing?
Let's try something different.
That's just like the only one like first
thought that.
Well,
that's fine and I'm happy to walk you
through that,
but what other kind of goals or things
are you working on or things that you
care about right now?
Let's see design wise I could just look
to um.
Say like finding a print shop to like
like trying to print shirts.
So I want,
I want you to take a step back cause like
you're thinking about things about how AI
you think works.
What is the thing that you would be like
that is awesome that I can do that or I
figured out like what is your own
personal goals that you want to be doing
Oh.
right now?
Like finding a print job's fine,
but like what's the bigger picture there?
What like what are you trying to do?
Dude, I'm trying to think.
I'm trying trying to make like a a way to
make money off of T-shirts.
That's what I see. OK,
that's an excellent place to start.
Are you a fast typer?
Somewhat, but not.
OK,
so we're gonna do audio because everyone
types too slowly and driving crazy.
So go ahead and click. Go ahead.
Yeah.
I'm gonna tell you what to say and then
you can say it.
OK.
What I want you to tell it is I print
T-shirts and I'm trying to figure out how
to.
Make an actual living doing that.
Just say that.
Oh.
I print T-shirts and I'm trying to make a
living out of that, right?
Right.
Sure. I mean, you can mess it up.
It doesn't matter. Well, no, no, right.
No.
You can even say that. It doesn't matter.
Judging is really can go ahead and submit
that.
So put it.
Yep, just a minute. Just like that.
That's fine.
Hello.
Now now the hardest part is figuring out
like what kind of is your goal?
Do you want to figure out how to do it?
Do you want to get some inspiration?
Like do you want to like think about the
logistics?
Like what's stopping you from doing this?
Um, I would say marketing.
I can design well. I don't know.
OK,
so go ahead and give all the information
you can like as if you were to talk to me,
talk to ChatGPT with the microphone.
Uh.
So like say what I need help.
Like, in fact,
actually I could just interview you,
but what you want to say is you want to
give it all the information you're like.
So I'm a I print these things the
football companies do it for,
but it's not enough money for me to make
a living.
I'm trying to figure out if that's
possible or not.
Something like that,
but you can say anything you're all worth.
OK, so let me check. OK, so.
So much easier to do microphone than
typing.
Yeah, well, so trying to make a living.
I do these,
but not making enough for a living, OK?
Yeah, and if you if you mess it up,
there's no problem, you could just.
I make sports T-shirts,
but it's not enough to live off of.
How do I make that possible?
OK.
Yeah, I'm surprised it hears me so well.
I haven't used.
It's so good at it.
It's the best in like it's better than
Google is better than everything right
now.
MM.
OK, and so we have that.
And now it's gonna like,
start trying to solve your problem
immediately. Um.
And so read this and tell me what you're
thinking.
Oh.
So it's saying be.
OK,
trying to like you have to choose a niche.
Who? You're not selling a shirt,
you're selling it to the people.
Hmm.
And um, raise your profit.
I haven't sold anything, I don't think.
No,
I I've had one customer and then I've
bought some for myself.
So go ahead and use a use your microphone
and say I'm 19 years old. Are you?
Are you 19? Say say I I always round up.
I'm a I'm a go ahead and tell Chat GB T
1818.
cause like it what it what it's doing
right here is it automatically jumps to
the solution but it doesn't really
understand your context still.
So use the microphone and say.
I'm an 18 year old.
I've never actually successfully sold a
T-shirt and I'm trying to figure out
what's the best first step.
OK, so.
OK.
I'm 18 and I haven't sold to an actual
customer before.
Talk me through how to work on that.
Yeah, Oh yes,
it might be a little bit because I'm I'm
No mortgage.
in my folder,
so I'll have like it might try to jump to.
Oh, gotcha. It knows what's going on.
It was funny.
So high school.
8/3, yeah.
Then.
So yeah.
It's actually giving you bad advice.
I actually find it very funny.
Yeah.
But it's it's like, OK,
but this is where it's like it's going
into this like solution step.
I haven't done a lot of these.
OK.
I've done these and they always fail.
So what's happening here is that it's
Mm.
incredibly if you watch South Park,
there's actually a South Park episode on
Yeah.
this.
Hello.
Where like Randy, like,
came up with a stupid idea and like,
Chachi, he's like, that's a great idea.
Let's do it. Here's how to do it.
Yeah.
So I'm gonna give you like some Cheat
Sheets that you wouldn't know about how
to ask things for an entrepreneur.
I want you to put in there. Can you find?
Do you have the deep research button?
Go push that plus button.
Yep.
Do we have time for that share?
And then what I want you to ask it is say,
can you find examples of people under 20
who have made successful T-shirt
businesses and tell me their stories?
And.
OK, I tried to.
I know. I'm like, I'm like the microphone.
It doesn't matter to me.
OK,
so under 20 people or people under 20
doing this stuff like making and their
stories.
Can you find examples of people under 20
who have successfully sold multiple
T-shirts and made a profit and tell me
their stories?
Can you find people under 20 who have
sold shirts for a profit and tell them
but tell the story?
I can fix that.
Yeah.
And So what we're what we're doing here
is that we're actually making a ground in
actual evidence and like,
can you actually find actual things that
actually it it doesn't matter.
Oh, I got it.
Yeah, you everyone does it.
It's like it'll figure it out.
You could say it incorrect,
it'll figure it out anyway.
So what we're doing here is we're trying
to find actual evidence of what's going
on,
because I'll always say everything is
correct all the time. But if you actually,
and now I'll ask some follow up questions,
you can go ahead and answer those.
Just click on them.
Oh, start.
Oh wow, this is new.
OK, so we've got that going.
Um.
Oh, it's really going into like a deep,
deep.
Yeah, yeah. So yeah,
deep research is really good at finding
actual things because I'm like,
I don't know.
I'm sure there are successful people
about that. So now you're looking at,
I don't know, you're fine.
We're learning how to use it.
Sorry, I was just looking at this.
I can do whatever you want.
Go ahead and start a new chat because
it's going to take like 5 minutes.
Yeah.
Minutes.
Yeah.
And so now the next thing I want you to
do is be like,
can you tell me what are the biggest
obstacles preventing people from selling
small personal designs and how do they
get around it? I'm.
And then so basically we're asking
ChatGPT to give you exact advice on how
to like actually starts and like maybe
even say I need help to actually start
There's thing.
selling. I've never sold something before.
So something like can you tell me what
what is the biggest struggle for people
selling small or similar designs and how
it's a start up ever?
For the first time. For the first time,
yeah.
Let's see.
Damn.
You have it on brutal note here.
Yeah, my mom has made it sassy at sea.
Yeah.
Yeah, for me like.
I think I'm not getting much money from
my designing as a whole.
I would say I've made about 400 of.
I mean, that's more than I have,
but go ahead, go ahead and tell that to.
Uh, I'm making.
S.
I'm.
Well,
I I'm making 400 a month approximately.
How would I say like?
With it or how can this OK?
You can just say that.
You can just say that just just so it has
context so it knows where we're starting
at 'cause like if you're trying to make
Got.
10,000 a month, it's different than 400,
right?
Yeah.
at all.
And you should tell it how you're making
the $400.
00 'cause I think it's making assumptions
about how you're you're.
Yeah,
is that 400 coming from one design or
multiple, multiple?
Um, mainly.
wrong.
Big project.
And a couple.
Just one off. Let's see.
And then go ahead and tell it where you
where those one off and big projects find
you. Like how do you,
how did you market to them?
How did they get to you?
I got em by media teams.
I got them by media teams slash
connections basically from.
OK, so go ahead and write that.
I.
Edit teams and connections with a
marketing group.
Actually.
And be dependent, yeah.
Yeah, if I if I lose those,
then it's gone.
Mhm.
Churning.
That's a single package yet.
Would I? Could I also tell it that like?
You can tell whatever you want.
Like 'cause I also, um,
post on like social media. So I'll I have.
Go ahead, tell them.
Yeah, I have.
Oh.
Presents.
So.
Yes.
Still allows.
No.
That that has been my biggest problem is
that like it.
I've gotten lucky and I've basically had
a big project each time, but.
So go ahead and tell it that way.
The more you tell it,
Um.
the more it's gonna understand what kind
of advice you need.
More, yeah.
Check it.
Marketing such ad design.
I.
I still don't like it, but.
Yeah, it's.
'Cause it's like, yeah, it's peaking. OK,
so let's go back to that deep, but wait,
This.
wait, wait.
Oh.
You're a freelancer with momentum face,
yeah.
Yeah.
It's still.
Oh.
So.
You said something.
There was something that was interesting
up there. Go freelancer with momentum,
right?
For, yeah.
So that that that's the thing that
resonated with you.
So why don't you just ask Chad GBT?
How do I think critically?
You said you actually should tell it to
think,
'cause otherwise it'll just not think,
which is really funny.
Think critically.
How do I escape being a freelancer with
momentum?
A3.
It actually said thank you.
Something is.
I think one of my biggest problems again
is like the marketing of it. Um.
I struggle.
To, like,
put myself out there other than hosting.
So go ahead and you can say that you
don't have to.
You can type it too if you want.
I'm gonna go get a beverage on that.
Struggle, OK.
You're doing great 'cause you're making
it easy.
She.
OK.
Uh.
So.
It's.
Over at.
Be working with.
OK.
Fresh.
Let's see.
See, but now.
Relationship driven.
Sort switched up.
Like, I don't know.
Ping it.
Oh no. Oh no.
Let's see.
Yeah, you're you're in the middle there.
Oh, you're looking at the answer.
I've got it.
Yeah, so like this is my stuff.
OK.
And then you'll see like this high school.
Cool.
Mm-hmm.
Well,
less high school because football's done,
But it looks really nice. It's awesome.
It's really impressive.
but.
Thank you.
So go ahead and copy that link.
Mhm.
I'm gonna.
I'm gonna show you something that's great
that you can do with ChatGPT and then go
ahead and go back to ChatGPT.
Yeah.
Go ahead and give it that link.
Say please look at this and grade me on
my potential to be a sports designer.
Great.
Asking it to grade you is one of the best
ways to get it to give you the actual
information.
Yeah.
Who actually thinks we can't just be like,
you're doing great. You're like, am I?
Why? What grade?
Yeah,
'cause I've sort of had this conversation
before I tried and it it was really blunt
with me, 'cause I was trying to.
Mm.
Just give me the give it,
give it the web page.
Just copy the web page again.
No you you did already,
The web page.
but just copy it again and say it's right
here.
Oh, OK, so that's an.
Just that again.
Yeah, yeah.
OK.
We'll see if we can access it.
That's annoying.
So you've already had a conversation
where you had a look at Atari and kind of
give you like, yeah, that's fine. What?
Yeah, let me see. Um.
What did you take out of it?
Can you find my?
Yeah, or you can't open profiles. OK,
what about my ex? Let's see.
Yeah.
Uh, actually just go go do a screenshot.
Do you know how to do screenshots?
Oh yeah.
Just take a screenshot of one like it'll
give you kind of similar feedback.
Take the take a screenshot of the one
that you think is the best or just copy
it.
Oh, I.
I just did this real.
No, just only show one.
That's gonna be way too much.
Oh, just show it. Oh, oh, oh, oh.
It's gonna get really confused if it sees
all this at the same time.
Gotcha here. Let me.
I can like I I this is my design computer,
so I can I I can just give it a file,
You actually have. That's kinda cool.
That's awesome.
yeah.
Let's see, we're haven't like gotten a.
If it'll wanna load, there it goes.
Yeah, and just a.
Oh, and then, yeah, grade,
grade me on this design.
That's fine. I'll remember.
I'll remember the previous division.
You're actually going down the the wrong
direction here,
but I'll I'll be curious how it handles
it. Not I told you,
this is not your fault.
It'll just be interesting because it's
Oh.
gonna get confused here and I'll explain
why it's gonna get confused. 7.
5 well done.
Yeah.
And I wouldn't take these things too
seriously,
but it's always good to give feedback on
this kind of thing.
Yeah.
More control brand. OK, so yes,
maybe not the best design to choose.
But I mean so this this is this is
actually how I improve my designs is I
actually take them and I put them in
ChatGPT and then I improve them and I
keep going back until I get it done.
You. So I've done a little bit.
I'm sorry I haven't got enough a little
Oh, that's fine. I mean,
that's really cool.
bit of.
Let's see. Um.
I I'm an F1 fan so but um 22 drivers,
teammates and I wanted to ask like how
I can tell.
could I make it so cause they're rivals
quote UN quote.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like how to visualize that and.
Yeah.
That's cool. That's a great.
Asked it.
I it got to the point where I like asked.
Yeah, I got gave me this.
Yeah, it it always thinks in code. Oh wow.
But but it's crazy and like it didn't.
They actually put.
Wow, we started making it.
That's kind of cool.
I asked for like actual images and it
couldn't work but.
Yeah, and you can get it.
I strongly if you're gonna use images,
do Gemini.
Gemini's better at images than Ched GBG,
Jim, OK.
but Ched GBG's good too.
And I can help you if you want to work on
making images.
But I like the direction we're going
right now, so.
What's gonna happen is ChatGPT gets super
focused on things, right? So like,
now that we ask that question,
all I was gonna think is like,
Mhm.
if you get this,
this is how to get a 10 out of 10,
but that's not actually gonna make it so
you have a job, right?
Yeah.
So I'm actually go ahead and open up a
new chat and I'm just going to give you
OK.
some prompts to figure out how to do the
entrepreneur stuff.
Yeah.
I want to say my goal is to be a sports
designer. I.
Um.
I have uh and then describe what a sports.
It might already know because you have
Yeah.
that other stuff.
Uh, mostly.
AKA Social Media Designer Slash. Yeah,
that's.
And then say I am not. I have no,
I have very little background.
I have very little experience.
Very little.
Now act like.
With profession.
Bubble teams.
Now act like a career coach.
And think through what is the best path
forward for me to have work like this.
Oh, get shot.
Well, no, don't say a job.
Do you want a job or do you want
freelancing?
Seeing.
I the end goal would be a job like a
social media.
OK. So then that's great. Keep it,
keep it that way then that's that that
makes sense, yeah.
It is cool that I can search up my like
name and like my stuff pops up.
Yeah.
That is cool.
Portfolio.
OK.
Um.
'Cause I have my portfolio and stuff.
OK.
Do you see how what it's saying is
Oh.
different than the portfolio?
Uh.
Oh yeah, mini campa, yeah.
It makes me wish you could show your
Instagram so I could give you feedback
about why that's not a good portfolio.
I want.
I want to see if I can see the stuff.
We'll see if it can open this.
So this is my current.
OK, it it was able to read.
Yep.
Design for it. OK,
so it wants me to lessen.
The amount so I don't. Yeah, can cut that.
I don't do motion.
Rearrange.
Game day. OK, it wants that.
So it's really trying to push that job
aspect.
Well, that's what we asked it for, right?
And so if that's not what you want,
Yeah.
that's fine too.
And then you just have to kinda reflect
I.
on that.
I think if I feel like there are more
steps, I think it's skipping just.
Well, then go ahead and say that.
Yeah.
Skipping.
To getting to the point.
I can't get high.
Yeah.
Oh, but that's.
Yeah, that's.
That's.
Local beta. So that's what I'm doing.
I guess it's saying that.
What I'm doing is considered.
What? And what are you doing right now?
High school advertisements for brands and.
Mhm.
I've worked.
For like a sem fresh professional soccer
team.
That's cool.
And that's about it.
It sounds like you're already kinda in
the right direction.
So what's the thing that's holding you
back?
Is it like you need more clients or is it
that you need to do better work or you
I I feel like I need.
I need this like I feel like I've
want better?
stagnated.
OK,
so go ahead and say exactly what you just
told me. It's like I have two clients,
but I feel like I'm stagnating.
Take two clients. That's important.
I have two client. Yeah,
Huh. I have two clients.
clients is too big for it. It'll be like,
OK, then what's the problem?
What was that though? I'm stop. Yes, stag.
He said I'm stagnating,
but you can say what I'm.
What can I?
Oh,
so it's intimidating stagnation as in
It it.
your art style.
So you need to actually clarify.
Yeah, you know.
I'm stagnating specifically in getting
more clients. That's really funny.
This is where this is where AI can be
very dangerous.
Yeah, my.
Oh.
Yeah.
And and and and even clientele is gonna
misinterpret.
It's gonna think that you need better
clients say in getting new clients.
But oh, but in getting.
Mhm.
OK.
Once again, I disagree with those things.
Try to achieve what it's interesting.
Yeah.
Oh.
Sport.
This I sorta agree with.
OK.
Maybe.
Bike.
Ask it how to get closer to these types
of people.
I think that's an excellent question.
You should ask him that right now.
Yeah.
2.
Direct and.
I don't know what that first one was like
targeting.
What is that?
Stop targeting designers.
Yeah, it's being cheeky. Um,
I you could ask for clarification,
but I wouldn't worry about it.
Not in your world.
Yeah.
Sent it.
Through work, not conversation, yeah.
It's like it's acting like um.
I'll get a job brown posting.
Mhm.
I don't don't think that's the case.
Go ahead and tell it that you don't think
so and have a conversation with it about
that.
So medium.
OK,
so it's saying just instead of posting
randomly like I do.
Mhm.
I actually this one was like for this UFC
fighter. I got to work with a UFC fighter.
That's really cool.
I got lucky.
It's saying to.
Market it to the teams.
I can say just being random like may
maybe make a couple of designs and.
Show.
What I'm.
Multiple things and brand it to the team.
Mhm.
And now that's how to use social media.
But yeah.
B.
It's funny 'cause, yeah, I I.
Should be applying.
Thing is they want like college degrees.
But go ahead and go ahead and say that to
them and see what they say to that.
Um.
Designers working on.
Order.
That already.
Yep.
Alright, that is the query.
Yeah.
I was like,
so there's like a social or like the D
backs. Yeah, the Arizona's baseball team.
Mm-hmm.
One, it had like a schol, not scholarship,
like a.
Internship.
Internship, yeah.
But I never did it or because it it was
Oh, I didn't do it.
like for people trying to get us their
degree. And at the time I was like,
I I'm not getting my degree,
so I can't really.
Mm.
Try.
Yeah, but like I'm I'm in the like,
I think I didn't don't need a degree to
design this stuff because I'm like,
what would it be? Certified.
Mhm, mhm.
I'm Adobe certified.
Go ahead and go ahead and tell it that.
Um.
You can say it or you can choose that.
I'm trying to think like.
I want to ask like what's the strength?
I I want you to say what you just said to
me.
I think it's gonna be really helpful for
it.
So uh.
I don't think I need a degree because I'm
already a W certified.
Need a category.
Yeah.
Most.
Ask.
Or dang that.
It's a filter, yeah.
A gap.
No.
Yeah.
Agency.
So like just work showing proof that I've
worked before.
How do I?
Yeah.
That's why I've always.
I always thought it could be a
substitution.
Oh, there you go.
But.
Yeah, I'm gonna go shut the door.
My wife just got back.
Nope.
She went skiing today. OK, this is great.
You're doing a great job using AI and I'm
by name happening what you're reading
about.
I I even though I'm, I mean,
of course I'm a little bit skeptical of,
I mean not skeptical,
just like not even defiant either,
but that's the best I could explain it as.
'Cause I'm a designer,
I'm I originally saw AI as a way to for
me to lose my career,
but I've I I've grown to know that it's
Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm.
not that but.
Mhm.
Like I I technically use AI on my designs.
Not like totally,
Yeah.
but like say if I needed to cut something
out or to shade, yeah.
Yeah, yeah,
the removable thing in Photoshop. Yep,
I use that one. Yep, totally.
And then like the shading,
I don't know if yeah, you can't see it,
I didn't know he did ********.
That's cool too, so.
but um.
You can like you can harmonize with a
background and it does something that
takes 30 minutes and a couple minutes and
then you can fix it yourself.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's great.
And then like,
so I'm gonna share my screen and I'm
gonna just,
Oh.
did we ever get that data analysis,
that deep analysis?
Let's see.
Hello.
No, that's wrong.
OK. Oh, yeah.
OK.
Yep.
Let's remember the executive sent sent
summary says.
Executive summary across 8 documented
cases.
Oh, Dang.
It's a thing.
Why are you doing?
Huh. Just it's just a lot.
Table contents is like deep.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just how much it really will.
It's giving you a full, like,
executive report you'd have to pay
thousands of dollars for,
which is kind of cool. Yep.
Literally like.
You're living on. You need two numbers.
Arching and then, yeah.
Yeah, I'm surprised that like.
When this.
Yeah, it can do it.
Yeah,
I I didn't even know that was a thing
beforehand. I I saw the shopping one.
I need to try that one.
What was the shopping one?
There's like a shopping research if I'm
pretty sure.
Oh,
that that will try to find you a product
to buy. Oh, well, that's different.
We're not. I'm not helping you buy a shoe.
Yeah.
Yeah, literally.
My biggest goal is to get a nice
parachute.
Oh, tofu.
Oh, where did it go?
Swear tofu.
Oh Dang, they started early.
Yeah.
10.
Wow, look at that.
Yeah, that's cool. OK,
you said you were gonna share yours,
That's really cool.
No, no, no. This is really cool.
Now I'm gonna have you do another one
right? Oh.
'cause it sounds like this is One
Direction.
You're going as T-shirts and another one
is being a sports analysis.
Mm-hmm.
So I want you to go ahead and do another
deep analysis.
So go ahead and click the right button.
Mhm.
And then this time, right?
Can you do some deep research in people
who have become successful sports social
media designers before the age of 21?
And what do they do and how did they
achieve it?
People, OK.
Yes.
This is really cool. Like,
this isn't actually what I thought would
be the most helpful.
That report was way better than the
conversation you had with SPD,
'cause it's grounded in facts, right?
Wait, yeah, I'm I'm, yeah.
It's not just ********. It's like,
do this, do this. It's like,
there's no reason why you should believe
what they're saying there.
So it can do the same thing for that.
3.
Because I feel like the best way I could
do it is say I go to ASU and I get that,
Mm-hmm.
I do an internship or whatever.
That would be my easiest way to be honest,
Yeah.
to do like football or something,
do a social media.
Totally too.
Design.
sports teams or related or related.
Works.
Sports games.
Yeah, yeah, I should have put video games,
but.
And then um.
No, wait, push stop.
You you forgot a key piece of this.
Stop.
Nope.
Copy this. Copy that.
Mhm.
Paste it back in and then say only do
people who are under 21 and do not have a
Oh.
college degree in design.
Or focus only on, yeah.
Because otherwise they'll be like,
look at this famous designer, be like,
well, that doesn't help me any.
I'm not a famous designer who has 10
million followers.
Both.
OK, now I'm gonna share with you.
I'm just gonna go lightning fast and
kinda show you some other things 'cause
like I know this space,
but I'm like trying to have AI figured
out. So let's see here.
Mhm.
Where is my ChatGPT?
I'm gonna beat you for a second, OK?
Mm-hmm.
We will try to.
Can you do private conversations?
I don't think we can. That's annoying. OK,
well, it's gonna think I have a friend,
Eddie. We are going to.
Thinking about how it's to help.
How did I help him with the chat?
OK, um.
OK, see, this is annoying. Don't tell me.
You have no way of telling me how Eddie
can get a job because you don't know what
problem.
Eddie wants to be a sports designer,
but he has a networking problem.
He can't get his foot in the door for
like an issue or the Diamondbacks.
'Cause he has no.
What should designers do if they don't
have experience to start networking?
So the the more you can like form the
questions like that,
the more specific the answer will be.
We'll see if I like the chat.
Yeah.
So you need to build a sports mobility
portfolio. That's a big one. Let's say.
Then find tiny clients.
That's what it seems like.
So and you know we have 10 minutes left.
So do you want me? Well,
Can't do much.
do you want to work on the finding tiny
clients or do you want to work on
building a better portfolio?
Uh.
Or do you wanna work on networking?
Let's do clients.
How to find clients? OK,
so this is one of my favorite prompts.
Help me. Oh.
Come up with 20 creative,
unique ways of finding tiny real clients.
That means for the design social media.
An 18 year old can do.
So you actually just give it like you
come up with a bunch of ideas like half
of them aren't gonna be good,
but the other one's good.
Um.
You could DM all the high school
assistant coaches offering a game day
pack.
Um.
And.
Are any of these interesting to you or
are they not? And that's OK.
Yeah, it's funny.
I I think I've I've used a couple or like
Did Jennifer your meeting?
something similar cause like I've done
commitment, commitments for seniors.
I've DM coaches.
But uh.
Yeah,
like local youth leagues are pretty cool.
Um.
And they and they usually don't get back
to you, I assume.
What I've done is.
Some, yeah.
Most of the time they don't get back.
Mhm.
So,
and that is where I know more than chest
VT notes, which is annoying.
I don't know how to get it to get to
where I did,
so I I will give you good advice in the
last 8 minutes because we have to do the
same thing at robots and pencils.
OK, this is what you should start doing.
It's gonna be. It's crazy.
This is how I did it as a designer as
well. Why can't it figure it out?
And maybe that's why it can't figure it
out because it was popular enough.
It wouldn't.
You need to start doing it for free.
You need to actually reach out to every
one of these coaches because that's how
Hmm.
you'll get into the door.
It's just like I'm building up a
portfolio.
You need to own your entire area of every
high school. Like just we do.
I do all the design.
You need to get so good at it that you
can produce it fast.
But you should offer it to all of them.
Hey,
I'm building up my portfolio and I'm
looking for clients. Will you sign up?
And then obviously this is how I started.
You do a few of these and then they'll
start paying you,
even if you're starting for free.
That's actually what Robots and Pencils
is doing now with AI.
Mm.
It's like,
I'm just gonna start doing this for you.
And you can even like,
if people aren't responding to that,
it'll just be like, look,
I made you something regardless of who
Yeah.
needed it or not.
It's like here it goes because the
biggest challenge you have here is that
you don't. They don't know.
They don't. They're taking a risk, right?
It was what the AI was saying.
It's like it's a risk.
We don't know who you are,
what you're valuable. If it's free,
they don't care, right? Like that's fine.
Yeah.
There's no risk.
They're putting 0 skin in the game.
And then every one of those ones you say,
I'm gonna do it for free,
but I'm asking that you give me a review
on it afterwards and I get a site that
I've done it for you guys and then you're
gonna build up.
And that's the other thing that the AI
was kind of hinting at,
but it wasn't doing a very good job of it.
It's like,
then you build out a really beautiful
portfolio, not all these like stylistic,
like, look at this cool poster. I mean,
I like those posters. They're neat,
but that's not what people are paying for,
right? Like,
you need to figure out what people
actually.
They care about and that's why you offer
it for free.
If you go to like you go to these like
like college or high,
maybe even some small colleges,
football teams or whatever.
And you'd be like,
what do you need and how do we measure
its success?
Yeah.
And then you actually go to them and then
you just build it out and you figure out
are they happy and they'll start giving
you feedback.
And that feedback is more valuable than
the pay. If you do that enough,
you can start building out a really cool
portfolio that way.
The other alternative is you can go to
college and.
They will.
They will teach you that poorly.
Don't get me wrong,
there's a lot to be said.
It'll help differentiate.
You'll get a job being a designer if you
go to college. So there is,
Mm-hmm.
there is that going for it.
Is there a reason you don't want to go to
college for art?
Um, not necessarily.
It's something I want to do. I just.
OK.
I didn't do it this year.
That's fine.
That's that as long as like I'm happy to
have that conversation with you deeper.
And I'm not.
I didn't go to college for design,
so I'm not an expert in it,
but it's just an interesting thing to
think about. But to that,
like I'm gonna ask Chabby if you why are
you not giving the advice to offer free
design services?
To local sports teams to build a
portfolio.
So that's the most obvious correct answer.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, like, yeah.
I I still don't buy. The problem is,
is that it's like this advice is for
people who are already like running a
company.
Um.
This is the message I would write and I I
will I'll I'll put it in here.
The message I like Chachi CBT is stupid
today right is.
Yeah.
I'm um.
I am working on building out my sports
design portfolio.
I noticed that your website doesn't have
social marketing on it.
Social marketing.
Increase in attendance.
By 30%,
you have to have to look at that number.
Don't lie. Um.
Would you be open to me helping you build
out your social marketing materials?
I'm doing it for free,
something like that.
And then you're gonna get a chat GB to
help you send it out.
Mhm.
But yeah, once again,
I'm touching my teeth off today.
I don't like any other advice,
but the the the the idea here is you
India.
should reach out to people with an offer,
not just like will you hire me because no
one will hire me 'cause what you're
actually trying to do is build
relationships.
And you're trying to build out
credibility.
You're not actually trying to get like,
it'll be nice to get like a paycheck,
but the credibility is what will actually
get you paid longer on later on,
Yeah.
if that makes sense. So the way I did it,
if I did some free projects for like
Hasbro.
And then like,
I think like some video game makers and
stuff like that.
And like after I had like four of those
in my portfolio,
people started paying me like thousands
of dollars for my design just because
it's like, oh, you're legit,
Yeah.
but like you need,
you need to have like actual like.
Really cool clients that build off it and
like the easiest way to get those ones is
Experience, yeah.
just go find all the people who need it
and just say you'll do it for free cause
that way you don't have to like try to
sell it up and then like you know,
don't do it for free for like months but
just like spend a weekend on it and then
be like there you go and it's like if you
want more you can pay me.
And now now you have a relationship and
now you know what they need too,
Mhm.
Yeah.
if that makes sense, so.
Yeah, that, yeah, that makes sense.
Cool. Any other questions, Eddie, for me?
Uh, no. Um, yeah.
Thank you for this hour I.
Yeah, was it? Was it helpful at all?
It totally was.
Well,
what was the thing that you learned the
most?
The like the deep research that I think I
to all use a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah, you should.
It's so different than these, like,
kind of ******** things that it does all
the time.
Yeah,
it's like an actual like and I I do
better with that type of stuff like that.
Good. Yeah,
I can tell you're a critical thinker.
That's really cool.
Yeah, so um.
Great. I'm glad I can help you with that.
Yeah. So and then, yeah,
Yeah.
just to repeat why that deep research is
important is especially when you're doing
this design stuff like ChatGPT is just
repeating what it sees on the Internet.
And there's a lot of bad advice on
basically that's what I'm getting at.
And then.
There's a lot of bad advice on how to.
Be a designer right now and it's really
hard for designers to get jobs.
So it's kind of going all over the place
if you want it. I would recommend,
and I don't think AI would do this for
you,
but I'd actually recommend that those
people that have started T-shirt
companies,
I'd reach out to all of them and just be
like,
I'm thinking about starting my own
And.
T-shirt.
Company. Can you tell me?
And you just did the deep research.
Out.
That's why I had you do the deep research
on the sports design.
They'll find people who are successful
and you should reach out to them and you
can say, hey,
could you just tell me how you did it and
give me some advice on what I should do
to start out with?
Everyone wants to help out,
so I reach out to all those people,
Yeah.
like all 30 of them, and just have those.
Conversations and you might end up being
like an intern for one of them or
That that's why I was going to ask if I.
something like that, right?
But it it it comes out much more genuine
if you go in there and say, hey,
I I like the degree career you're going.
Could I chat with you about how you
achieved it and give your advice on how I
should go about doing it too?
And and just be genuinely curious and
cool things will land if you have those
conversations with people.
Mhm.
Awesome. Well,
feel free to ping me or message me
Yeah.
anytime you want. Um.
If you were to give a review,
if like I'm trying to put some quotes on
my website, what would you explain?
What would you tell people you did today
and why they should do it?
Um, it's inside like you.
How or what what I say?
Can you tell me what you did? Just say,
say what you did.
It.
I learn how to use Photoshop more
efficiently.
Got you.
I learned, yeah, prompt.
I learned better prompts to use and.
Yeah, use it.
And why?
And why should someone else sign up for
this if they should sign up?
I it will help.
Just help with everything.
It will help whatever you need.
I'm not good at.
I think Eddie,
you you have the work to do on your
Literally, yeah, I'm not.
social media messaging.
Don't worry about it. Yeah,
if if you could,
can you do you have my e-mail address?
Um, I'm pretty.
Here, I'll put, I'll put in,
I'll put in the chat.
I only got it from Superpowered, so.
Oh, we have chat.
Then Yep.
OK.
Can you copy the trans of your ChatGPT
conversations and then send them to me?
Yep.
And are you OK tell me telling this story?
I'll change your name so your name won't
Yeah, totally.
be there about what we talked about.
So thanks buddy. I appreciate it.
Yeah, I'm glad to help. Yep, have a great.
Have a good day.
Good luck on that job interview, man.
I can't wait to see here.
I'm gonna just be looking at all these
Thank you.
sports ads. I'm like,
one day that's gonna be Eddie's.
I hope.